Howdy, everybody?
So, we're back with Brandy.
And we just covered a lot about
Bitcoin core and learned a bunch about the different types of networks.
With that, why is it important that we know
that these different networks exists and what should we know about them?
Well, if you haven't noticed, it's really about
focusing on the development cycle for applications,
and there's so many different stages when you develop
an application and that's why we have different network types.
So, there's times where you want to use
regression testing because you need to stay in your silo,
within your own little development sandbox.
Once your new application starts maturing and you want
other folks to be able to interact with your application,
that's the power of the testNet,.
You don't have to sit there and expense large value to do a transaction with a testNet.
It's like a free resource for the development communities.
I really love how that bring so much reward to the developer with the testNet.
And that's why we utilize blockish pool,
so we can actually see that transaction line on the public network with the testNet,
and then we have the public mainNet,
and that's for production because that's where you're going to
actually expense solid value with that transaction.
So, you want to be really cautious and also pay attention to security.
Yeah. I think it's really exciting that we
have all these different environments that we can
play with and different reasons for using them, and it's important,
especially as a beginning developer,
to keep in mind like you mentioned,
as we're going through the development process,
to know when is the best time to use each of them.